What is NOT an assumption commonly made by the cognitive approach to psychology?
a) Answers to basic empirical questions can be given in terms of information processing models
b) That cognitive capacities can be regarded as relatively isolated
c) That cognition can only be understood with reference to stimuli and responses
d) Cognitive psychology tends to focus on the individual rather than on cultural or societal factors

2. Wertheimer is regarded as a well known Gestalt psychologist. True or False?

6. The level algor1thmc of Marr's explanation describes what is achieved?

What is TOTE?

The psychologists Fodor and Pylyshyn studied category-specific impairments with the patient JBR. True or False?

What is NOT part of Greer et al’s (2001) model of category specific impairment?
a) Hidden units
b) Symbolic Layer
c) Semantic output
d) Semantic input

According to Von Eckardt (1993) which two assumptions are involved in construing the mind as computational?

Who were the first to propose that the mind is a symbol system
a) Newell and Simon
b) Smolensky
c) Marr
d) Fodor and Pylyshyn

True or False: Deutsch and Deutsch (1963) claim that all messages receive the same amount of processing whether they are attended to or not.

The time that it takes the intentional system to become prepared for something fresh is known as a …
a) Refectory period
b) Refractory period
c) Attenuation period
d) Feature integration period

True and False: Shaffer and LaBerge proposed feature integration theory of attention!!!

Damage to one of the parietal lobes can cause…

True or false: patients suffering from Balint's syndrome find it difficult to shift attention.

What are participants asked to do in an attentional shadowing task?

In studies of attention what does SOA stand for …
a) Stimulus offset asynchrony
b) Stimulus onset asynchrony
c) Stimulus onset attention
d) Stand out attention

Which of the following is NOT a Gestalt law?
a) The law of similarity
b) The law of Pragnanz
c) The law of openness
d) The law of proximity

22: Re-entrant processing suggested to play role in:
a) Optic flow detection
b) Derivation of a grey level description
c) The 'picking up' of invariant information
d) Visual masking

26: The dorsal stream in visual processing projects to regions of the brain that appear to be involved in the analysis of information involved in the position and movement of objects. True or False?

According to Marr the 2 ½ Dsketch refers to a representation of how the surfaces in view relate to one another and to the observer
a) True
b) False

The ventral stream in visual processing …
a) Projects to regions of the brain that appear to be involved in pattern discrimination and object recognition
b) Projects to regions of the brain that appear to be involved in the analysis of information involved in the position and movement of objects
c) Projects to parts of the brain primarily involved in face recognition
d) Projects to parts of the brain involved in line and edge detection

What is part of the human eye?
a) Striate cortex
b) Retina
c) Cornea
d) Aqueous humour

Geon Structures is NOT an invariant feature in Bison’s theory of visual perception. True or False?

Part 1: wht concpeyt is marr an dnishiharas throry of 3d objtct recozngtion based on

Part 2: What type of errors were most commonly made in Young et al's (1985) study of every day errors in face recognition?
a) Person misidentified
b) Person unrecognized
c) Decision problems
d) Difficulty retrieving full details of a person 

Which of the following is NOT a non-accidental property in Beiderman's theory of object recognition?
a) Curvilinearity
b) Cotermination
c) Collinearity
d) Completion

What type of distinction task is facial recognition?

Someone with Capgras delusion believes that an imposter has replaced a loved one. True or False?

Bauer (1982) demonstrated which phenomenon with the prosopagnosic participant LF?
a) Emotion recognition
b) Explicit recognition
c) Covert recognition
d) Overt recognition 

Prosocpagnisoa iunvilve fmaage to the coverty bentral rouye. True or False?

According to Biederman, how many geons are needed to model all common objects?

Isomorphic problems are problems that are analogous for other problems. True or False?

42: What is the best description of Chase and Simon (1973) research on chess expertise as it relates to experts vs novices?

46: Wh1ch 0f the f0l0wing i5 4n exam of metaconit prueblom salving stregy?
a) M34n5-3nd5 4n4ly5i5
b) Ant-loping hooreyestic
c) Sulf-exanation
d) Sema ackuisishon

Which of the following is NOT typically regarded as a characteristic of expertise?
a) Experts become expert through extensive practice
b) Experts work forwards
c) Experts work backwards
d) Experts have better problem representations

What is a Means-end analysis? 

In analogical problem solving, Dunbar (2001) refers to the 'analogical paradox' where participants behave the same in real life in responding to analogies as they do in the laboratory. True or False?